# DriverPass-Project

The DriverPass project consisted of creating an online system that allowed customers, staff, and administrators access to materials and classes to prepare for a state driving exam through the DMV. From this system DriverPass is able to schedule driving tests, written practice tests, as well as manage accounts and assign drivers. The system allows customers to track their progress, see available packages, and schedule their own appointments online. The system is also required to remain within compliance of the state laws and does so by receiving compliance standards updates directly from the DMV.

In this, I feel that I excelled at creating communication with the clients as well as outlining the requirements for the system. If I were to revise some of the documents, I would spend more time working on the diagrams to more fully represent the clients needs. A complete system is often quite complex and careful planning can prevent unnecessary set backs.

Completing use case diagrams and testing the product through the lens of the various users can help to identify additional needs. This process can be done many times to create the best user experience for the client and their customers. In this class I have learned many techniques for approaching software design. Effective communication is the key to a successful system. To do this, tools like Gantt charts, Use Case diagrams, Activity diagrams, Class diagrams, powerpoints, various methods of client information and requirements, can give your team and your client the open communication they need to produce a product that the client is satisfied with.
